from the Chelsea Board of Arts and we
just come down when you actually do like
a little thing we just talk to you guys
and go like hey thanks for having comedy
in the neighborhood that's what this
part is I'm actually recording this for
my album so thanks for being a part of
it the album is called there's actually
some some good chunks in there thanks
for being a part of that we are in
Chelsea though I never really think of
it that way I never really I mean when
you really get down a few blocks from
dildo stores it's not mean the dollar
it's not right upon us it's Chelsea but
it isn't Chelsea all right Gatsby as
long as you know the different in tone
between the Hat on to the hat off then
I'd say you know we all right around
Chelsea darling come round sometime
Walter darling why don't people talk
like that anymore in New York they
should and like an old-time boys why you
in Miami darling it's so hot down that
come up in a lark darling I miss those
people I never knew them it was just
Jennifer Jason Leigh and the hudsucker
proxy whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa you're
making it out like it's an easy recipes
just some cinnamon and sugar or some no
there was love in that ancient
stereotype black and white cinnamon yeah
yeah yeah but there was an archetype as
well and boy oh boy back when there was
archetypes
we wish alive in three dimensions
do you memorize like whole chunks of
shit sure I do
whole chunks of Steel and I in a sweep
Hilton City from New York from ground to
sky I memorized all our friends and boy
all the way down to 41st Street make a
slight left on his 671 yeah right there
right what boy swag pops on a fun
opponent wait wait fuck
now let's go excuse me yeah we gotta go
install Central Park right now you're
gonna do what do it we gotta go install
it they want to park in the middle of
Manhattan are we gonna do it
we got 42 cranes pal don't worry we'll
take care of it
just put it in the Hudson yeah that's
what I said that's what I said there
Port Authority got involved